4.3 fix layout for version deltas page (#1123)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/deprecations-additions-and-compatibility.asciidoc

> New features get added to the language continuously, and occasionally, some features become deprecated and are subsequently removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New features are added to the language continuously, and occasionally, some features become deprecated and are subsequently removed.
```
I know this is not part of what you've worked on, but if you can change it, please do.

--

> This section list all of the features which have been removed, deprecated, added, or extended in different Cypher versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section list all of the features that have been removed, deprecated, added, or extended in different Cypher versions.
```

ON ()-[rel:REL]-()
ASSERT rel.property IS NOT NULL
----
a|
New syntax for creating relationship property existence constraints.

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE CONSTRAINT [name]
ON (node:Label)
ASSERT exists(node.property)
----
a| Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE CONSTRAINT [name]
ON (node:Label)
ASSERT node.property IS NOT NULL
----

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE CONSTRAINT [name]
ON ()-[rel:REL]-()
ASSERT exists(rel.property)
----
a|
Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE CONSTRAINT [name]
ON ()-[rel:REL]-()
ASSERT rel.property IS NOT NULL
----

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
exists(prop)
----
a|
Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
prop IS NOT NULL
----

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
NOT exists(prop)
----
a|
Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
prop IS NULL
----

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Added[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
ALTER USER name IF EXISTS ...
----
a|
Makes altering users idempotent.

> If no user with the name exists no error will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No error is thrown if no user with the name exists.
```
alternatively:
If no user with the name exists, no error is thrown.

a|
label:Functionality[]
label:Updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW INDEXES WHERE ...
----
a|
Now allows filtering for:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW INDEXES
----

a|
label:Functionality[]
label:Updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW CONSTRAINTS WHERE ...
----
a|
Now allows filtering for:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW CONSTRAINTS
----

a|
label:Functionality[]
label:Updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW INDEXES YIELD ...
[WHERE ...]
[RETURN ...]
----
a|

> Now allows `YIELD`, `WHERE` and `RETURN` clauses to `SHOW INDEXES` to change the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now allows `YIELD`, `WHERE`, and `RETURN` clauses to `SHOW INDEXES` to change the output.
```

a|
label:Functionality[]
label:Updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW CONSTRAINTS YIELD ...
[WHERE ...]
[RETURN ...]
----
a|

> Now allows `YIELD`, `WHERE` and `RETURN` clauses to `SHOW CONSTRAINTS` to change the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now allows `YIELD`, `WHERE`, and `RETURN` clauses to `SHOW CONSTRAINTS` to change the output.
```

----
a|
Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW [PROPERTY] EXIST[ENCE] CONSTRAINTS
----
Still allows `BRIEF` and `VERBOSE` but not `YIELD` or `WHERE`.

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW NODE EXISTS CONSTRAINTS
----
a|
Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW NODE [PROPERTY] EXIST[ENCE] CONSTRAINTS
----
Still allows `BRIEF` and `VERBOSE` but not `YIELD` or `WHERE`.

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW RELATIONSHIP EXISTS CONSTRAINTS
----
a|
Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW RELATIONSHIP [PROPERTY] EXIST[ENCE] CONSTRAINTS
----
Still allows `BRIEF` and `VERBOSE` but not `YIELD` or `WHERE`.

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Added[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
ALTER USER ...
SET HOME DATABASE ...
----
a|
Now allows setting home database for user.

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Added[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
ALTER USER ...
REMOVE HOME DATABASE
----
a|
Now allows removing home database for user.

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Added[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE USER ...
SET HOME DATABASE ...
----
a|

> Now `CREATE USER` allows setting home database for user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CREATE USER` now allows setting home database for user.
```

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Added[] +
For privilege commands:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
ON HOME DATABASE
----
a|
New syntax for privileges affecting home database.

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Added[] +
For privilege commands:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
ON HOME GRAPH
----
a|
New syntax for privileges affecting home graph.

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Deprecated[] +
For privilege commands:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
ON DEFAULT DATABASE
----
a|
Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
ON HOME DATABASE
----

a|
label:Syntax[]
label:Deprecated[] +
For privilege commands:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
ON DEFAULT GRAPH
----
a|
Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
ON HOME GRAPH
----

a|
label:Functionality[]
label:Added[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE INDEX FOR ()-[r:TYPE]-() ...
----
a|
Allows creating indexes on relationships with a particular relationship type and property combination.
They can be dropped by using their name.

a|
label:Functionality[]
label:Added[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE LOOKUP INDEX ...
----
a|

> Create lookup index for nodes with any labels or relationships with any types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create token lookup index for nodes with any labels or relationships with any types.
```

Reviewer 2: This should have been updated in https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-documentation/pull/1120 so I guess a rebase is needed to pick up this change

Author: Yeah, I will include those changes.

| <<query-call,CALL [\...YIELD]>>   | Clause  | Added  |
| <<functions-point-cartesian-2d,point() - Cartesian 2D>> | Function | Added |
| <<functions-point-wgs84-2d,point() - WGS 84 2D>> | Function | Added |
| <<functions-distance,distance()>> | Function | Added |
| <<java-reference#extending-neo4j-procedures,User-defined procedures>> | Functionality | Added |
| <<functions-tostring,toString()>>   | Function  | Extended | Now also allows Boolean values as input
|===

[[cypher-compatibility]]
== Compatibility

[NOTE]
====
Neo4j’s ability to support multiple older versions of the Cypher language has changed over time.
In versions prior to Neo4j 3.4, the backwards compatibility layer included the Cypher language parser, planner, and runtime.
All supported versions of Cypher ran on the same Neo4j kernel.
However, this changed in Neo4j 3.4 when the runtime was excluded from the compatibility layer.
When you run, e.g. a `CYPHER 3.1` query in Neo4j 3.5, the query is planned with the 3.1 planner, but run with 3.5 runtime and kernel.
The compatibility layer changed again in Neo4j 4.0 and it now includes only the Cypher language parser.

> When you run a `CYPHER 3.5` query, e.g., in Neo4j 4.3, Neo4j parses the older language features, but uses the 4.3 planner, runtime, and kernel to plan and run the query.

Reviewer 2: should we use the `{neo4j-version}` instead of explicitly saying 4.3 here?

Author: I think it is fine to just show an example version, if we have a generic version it could possible be non compatible later.

| <<query-call,CALL\...YIELD\...WHERE>>   | Clause  | Extended  | Records returned by `YIELD` may be filtered further using `WHERE`
|===

[[cypher-deprecations-additions-removals-3.0]]
== Version 3.0
[options="header"]
|===
| Feature          | Type | Change | Details
| `has()`  | Function  | Removed | Replaced by <<functions-exists,exists()>>
| `str()`  | Function  | Removed | Replaced by <<functions-tostring,toString()>>
| `+{parameter}+` | Syntax | Deprecated | Replaced by <<cypher-parameters,$parameter>>
| <<functions-properties,properties()>>  | Function  | Added  |
| <<query-call,CALL [\...YIELD]>>   | Clause  | Added  |
| <<functions-point-cartesian-2d,point() - Cartesian 2D>> | Function | Added |
| <<functions-point-wgs84-2d,point() - WGS 84 2D>> | Function | Added |
| <<functions-distance,distance()>> | Function | Added |
| <<java-reference#extending-neo4j-procedures,User-defined procedures>> | Functionality | Added |
| <<functions-tostring,toString()>>   | Function  | Extended | Now also allows Boolean values as input
|===

[[cypher-compatibility]]
== Compatibility

[NOTE]
====

> The ability of Neo4j to support multiple older versions of the Cypher language has been changing.

Reviewer: This note is really awkward. I tried to rewrite it, but please make sure I haven't changed the meaning:
_Neo4j’s ability to support multiple older versions of the Cypher language has changed over time. 
In versions prior to Neo4j 3.4, the backwards compatibility layer included the Cypher language parser, planner, and runtime. All supported versions of Cypher ran on the same Neo4j kernel. However, this changed in Neo4j 3.4 when the runtime was excluded from the compatibility layer. When you run, e.g. a CYPHER 3.1 query in Neo4j 3.5, the query is planned with the 3.1 planner, but run with 3.5 runtime and kernel. 
The compatibility layer changed again in Neo4j 4.0 and it now includes only the parser. When you run a CYPHER 3.5 query, e.g., in 4.3, Neo4j parses the older language features, but uses the 4.3 planner, runtime, and kernel to plan and run the query.
The primary reason for these changes is the optimizations in the Cypher runtime to allow Cypher queries to perform better._

Author: Wow great rewrite thanks.

Below is an example using the older parameter syntax `+{param}+`:

> [source, cypher, role="nocopy,norun"]

Reviewer 2: Did this work? Louise build seems to still have the copy and run buttons

Reviewer 2: (the build is from before review fixes)

Author: It should work, if not lets card it as a bug.

Without the `CYPHER 3.5` prefix this query would fail with a syntax error. With `CYPHER 3.5` however, it will only generate a warning and still work.

[WARNING]
====

> In Neo4j {neo4j-version} some older language features are understood by the Cypher parser even if they are no longer supported by the Neo4j kernel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Neo4j {neo4j-version} the Cypher parser understands some older language features, even if they are no longer supported by the Neo4j kernel.
```

> These features will result in runtime errors. See the table at <<cypher-deprecations-additions-removals-4.0,Cypher Version 4.0>> for the list of affected features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These features result in runtime errors. See the table at <<cypher-deprecations-additions-removals-4.0,Cypher Version 4.0>> for the list of affected features.
```
